wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\core\libs.min.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\custom.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\custom.min.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\customizer.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\customizer.min.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\dark.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\dark.min.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\hope-ui.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\hope-ui.min.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\maps\custom.min.css.map
wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\maps\customizer.min.css.map
wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\maps\dark.min.css.map
wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\maps\hope-ui.min.css.map
wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\maps\rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\rtl.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\css\rtl.min.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\auth\01.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\auth\02.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\auth\03.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\auth\04.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\auth\05.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\auth\06.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\avatars\01.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\avatars\02.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\avatars\03.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\avatars\04.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\avatars\05.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\avatars\avtar_1.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\avatars\avtar_2.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\avatars\avtar_3.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\avatars\avtar_4.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\avatars\avtar_5.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\08.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\09.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\10.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\11.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\12.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\13.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\14.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\15.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\16.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\17.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\18.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\19.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\20.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\21.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\22.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\23.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\expand-window.json
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\fb.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\gm.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\im.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\li.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\open-letter.json
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\brands\pdf.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\dashboard\top-header.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\dashboard\top-header1.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\dashboard\top-header2.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\dashboard\top-header3.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\dashboard\top-header4.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\dashboard\top-header5.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\dashboard\top-image.jpg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\down-aerrow.gif
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\error\01.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\error\02.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\error\03.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\error\404.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\error\500.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\favicon.ico
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\Flag\flag001.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\Flag\flag-01.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\Flag\flag-02.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\Flag\flag-03.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\Flag\flag-04.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\Flag\flag-05.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\Flag\flag-06.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\icons\01.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\icons\02.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\icons\03.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\icons\04.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\icons\05.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\icons\06.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\icons\07.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\icons\08.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\loader.gif
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\loader.webp
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\pages\01-page.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\pages\02-page.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\pages\img-success.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\dark\01.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\dark\02.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\dark\03.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\dark\04.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\dark\05.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\dark\06.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\dark\07.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\dark\08.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\dark\09.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\dark\10.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\dark\11.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\dark\12.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\dark\13.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\light\01.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\light\02.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\light\03.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\light\04.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\light\05.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\light\06.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\light\07.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\light\08.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\light\09.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\light\10.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\light\11.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\light\12.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\settings\light\13.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\shapes\01.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\shapes\02.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\shapes\03.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\shapes\04.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\shapes\05.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\shapes\06.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\cloudy.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\cloudy-day-1.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\cloudy-day-2.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\cloudy-day-3.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\cloudy-night-1.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\cloudy-night-2.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\day.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\night.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\rainy-1.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\rainy-2.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\rainy-3.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\rainy-4.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\rainy-5.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\rainy-6.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\rainy-7.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\snowy-1.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\snowy-4.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\snowy-6.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\thunder.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\images\vectormap\weather.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\charts\apexcharts.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\charts\dashboard.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\charts\vectore-chart.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\charts\widgetcharts.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\core\external.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\core\libs.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\hope-ui.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\plugins\calender.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\plugins\circle-progress.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\plugins\countdown.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\plugins\flatpickr.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\plugins\form-wizard.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\plugins\fslightbox.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\plugins\kanban.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\plugins\prism.mini.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\plugins\setting.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\js\plugins\slider-tabs.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\aos\dist\aos.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\aos\dist\aos.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\flatpickr\dist\flatpickr.min.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\flatpickr\dist\flatpickr.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\bootstrap\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\bootstrap\main.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\bootstrap\main.d.ts
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\bootstrap\main.esm.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\bootstrap\main.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\bootstrap\main.min.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\bootstrap\main.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\bootstrap\package.json
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\bootstrap\package-lock.json
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\bootstrap\README.md
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\af.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\ar.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\ar-dz.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\ar-kw.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\ar-ly.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\ar-ma.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\ar-sa.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\ar-tn.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\bg.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\bs.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\ca.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\cs.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\da.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\de.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\el.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\en-au.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\en-gb.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\en-nz.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\es.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\es-us.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\et.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\eu.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\fa.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\fi.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\fr.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\fr-ca.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\fr-ch.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\gl.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\he.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\hi.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\hr.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\hu.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\id.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\is.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\it.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\ja.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\ka.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\kk.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\ko.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\lb.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\lt.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\lv.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\mk.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\ms.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\nb.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\nl.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\nn.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\pl.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\pt.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\pt-br.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\ro.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\ru.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\sk.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\sl.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\sq.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\sr.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\sr-cyrl.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\sv.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\th.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\tr.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\uk.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\vi.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\zh-cn.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales\zh-tw.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales-all.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\locales-all.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\main.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\main.d.ts
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\main.esm.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\main.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\main.min.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\main.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\package.json
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\core\README.md
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\daygrid\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\daygrid\main.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\daygrid\main.d.ts
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\daygrid\main.esm.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\daygrid\main.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\daygrid\main.min.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\daygrid\main.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\daygrid\package.json
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\daygrid\README.md
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\google-calendar\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\google-calendar\main.d.ts
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\google-calendar\main.esm.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\google-calendar\main.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\google-calendar\main.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\google-calendar\package.json
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\google-calendar\README.md
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\interaction\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\interaction\main.d.ts
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\interaction\main.esm.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\interaction\main.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\interaction\main.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\interaction\package.json
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\interaction\README.md
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\list\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\list\main.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\list\main.d.ts
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\list\main.esm.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\list\main.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\list\main.min.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\list\main.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\list\package.json
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\list\README.md
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\luxon\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\luxon\main.d.ts
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\luxon\main.esm.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\luxon\main.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\luxon\main.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\luxon\package.json
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\luxon\README.md
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\moment\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\moment\main.d.ts
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\moment\main.esm.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\moment\main.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\moment\main.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\moment\package.json
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\moment\README.md
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\moment-timezone\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\moment-timezone\main.d.ts
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\moment-timezone\main.esm.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\moment-timezone\main.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\moment-timezone\main.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\moment-timezone\package.json
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\moment-timezone\README.md
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\rrule\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\rrule\main.d.ts
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\rrule\main.esm.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\rrule\main.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\rrule\main.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\rrule\package.json
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\rrule\README.md
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\timegrid\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\timegrid\main.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\timegrid\main.d.ts
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\timegrid\main.esm.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\timegrid\main.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\timegrid\main.min.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\timegrid\main.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\timegrid\package.json
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\fullcalendar\timegrid\README.md
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\2 User.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\3 User.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Activity.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Add User.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Down 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Down 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Down Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Down Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Down.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Left 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Left 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Left Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Left Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Left.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Right 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Right 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Right Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Right Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Right.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Up 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Up 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Up Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Up Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Arrow - Up.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Bag 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Bag.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Bookmark.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Buy.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Calendar.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Call Missed.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Call Silent.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Call.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Calling.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Camera.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Category.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Chart.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Chat.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Close Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Danger.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Delete.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Discount.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Discovery.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Document.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Download.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Edit Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Edit.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Filter 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Filter.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Folder.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Game.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Graph.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Heart.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Hide.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Home.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Image 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Image.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Info Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Info Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Location.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Lock.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Login.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Logout.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Message.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\More Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\More Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Notification.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Paper Download.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Paper Fail.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Paper Negative.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Paper Plus.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Paper Upload.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Paper.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Password.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Play.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Plus.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Profile.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Scan.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Search.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Send.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Setting.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Shield Done.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Shield Fail.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Show.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Star.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Swap.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Tick Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Ticket Star.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Ticket.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Time Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Time Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Unlock.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Upload.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Video.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Voice 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Voice.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Volume Down.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Volume Off.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Volume Up.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Wallet.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Bold\Work.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\2 User.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\3 User.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Activity.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Add User.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Down 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Down 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Down Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Down Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Down.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Left 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Left 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Left Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Left Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Left.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Right 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Right 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Right Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Right Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Right.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Up 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Up 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Up Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Up Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Arrow - Up.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Bag 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Bag.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Bookmark.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Buy.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Calendar.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Call Missed.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Call Silent.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Call.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Calling.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Camera.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Category.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Chart.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Chat.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Close Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Danger.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Delete.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Discount.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Discovery.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Document.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Download.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Edit Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Edit.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Filter 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Filter.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Folder.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Game.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Graph.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Heart.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Hide.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Home.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Image 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Image.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Info Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Info Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Location.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Lock.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Login.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Logout.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Message.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\More Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\More Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Notification.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Paper Download.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Paper Fail.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Paper Negative.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Paper Plus.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Paper Upload.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Paper.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Password.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Play.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Plus.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Profile.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Scan.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Search.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Send.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Setting.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Shield Done.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Shield Fail.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Show.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Star.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Swap.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Tick Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Ticket Star.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Ticket.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Time Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Time Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Unlock.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Upload.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Video.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Voice 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Voice.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Volume Down.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Volume Off.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Volume Up.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Wallet.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Colored\Work.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\2 User.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\3 User.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Activity.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Add User.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Down 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Down 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Down Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Down Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Down.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Left 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Left 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Left Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Left Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Left.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Right 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Right 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Right Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Right Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Right.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Up 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Up 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Up Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Up Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Arrow - Up.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Bag 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Bag.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Bookmark.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Buy.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Calendar.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Call Missed.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Call Silent.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Call.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Calling.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Camera.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Category.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Chart.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Chat.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Close Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Danger.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Delete.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Discount.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Discovery.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Document.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Download.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Edit Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Edit.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Filter 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Filter.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Folder.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Game.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Graph.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Heart.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Hide.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Home.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Image 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Image.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Info Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Info Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Location.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Lock.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Login.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Logout.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Message.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\More Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\More Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Notification.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Paper Download.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Paper Fail.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Paper Negative.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Paper Plus.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Paper Upload.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Paper.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Password.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Play.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Plus.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Profile.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Scan.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Search.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Send.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Setting.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Shield Done.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Shield Fail.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Show.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Star.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Swap.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Tick Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Ticket Star.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Ticket.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Time Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Time Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Unlock.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Upload.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Video.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Voice 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Voice.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Volume Down.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Volume Off.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Volume Up.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Wallet.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\DualTone\Work.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\2 User.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\3 User.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Activity.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Add User.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Down 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Down 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Down Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Down Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Down.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Left 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Left 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Left Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Left Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Left.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Right 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Right 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Right Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Right Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Right.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Up 2.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Up 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Up Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Up Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Arrow - Up.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Bag 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Bag.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Bookmark.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Buy.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Calendar.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Call Missed.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Call Silent.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Call.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Calling.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Camera.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Category.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Chart.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Chat.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Close Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Danger Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Danger Triangle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Delete.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Discount.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Discovery.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Document.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Download.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Edit Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Edit.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Filter 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Filter.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Folder.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Game.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Graph.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Heart.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Hide.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Home.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Image 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Image.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Info Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Location.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Lock.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Login.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Logout.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Message.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\More Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\More Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Notification.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Paper Download.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Paper Fail.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Paper Negative.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Paper Plus.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Paper Upload.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Paper.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Password.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Play.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Plus.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Profile.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Scan.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Search.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Send.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Setting.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Shield Done.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Shield Fail.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Show.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Star.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Swap.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Tick Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Ticket Star.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Ticket.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Time Circle.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Time Square.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Unlock.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Upload.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Video.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Voice 3.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Voice.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Volume Down.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Volume Off.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Volume Up.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Wallet.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Iconly\Line\Work.svg
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Leaflet\images\layers.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Leaflet\images\layers-2x.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Leaflet\images\marker-icon.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Leaflet\images\marker-icon-2x.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Leaflet\images\marker-shadow.png
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Leaflet\leaflet.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Leaflet\leaflet.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Leaflet\leaflet.js.map
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Leaflet\leaflet-src.esm.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Leaflet\leaflet-src.esm.js.map
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Leaflet\leaflet-src.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\Leaflet\leaflet-src.js.map
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\lodash\lodash.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\moment.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\sortable\Sortable.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\sortable\Sortable.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\swiperSlider\swiper-bundle.min.css
wwwroot\AdminBackend\vendor\swiperSlider\swiper-bundle.min.js
wwwroot\AdminBackend\white.png
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\5153829.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\css\bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\css\style.css
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\img\about-1.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\img\about-2.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\img\about-3.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\img\about-4.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\img\carousel-1.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\img\carousel-2.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\img\com-logo-1.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\img\com-logo-2.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\img\com-logo-3.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\img\com-logo-4.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\img\com-logo-5.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\img\testimonial-1.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\img\testimonial-2.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\img\testimonial-3.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\img\testimonial-4.jpg
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\js\main.js
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\animate\animate.css
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\animate\animate.min.css
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\easing\easing.js
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\easing\easing.min.js
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\owlcarousel\assets\ajax-loader.gif
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\owlcarousel\assets\owl.carousel.css
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\owlcarousel\assets\owl.carousel.min.css
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\owlcarousel\assets\owl.theme.default.css
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\owlcarousel\assets\owl.theme.default.min.css
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\owlcarousel\assets\owl.theme.green.css
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\owlcarousel\assets\owl.theme.green.min.css
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\owlcarousel\assets\owl.video.play.png
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\owlcarousel\LICENSE
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\owlcarousel\owl.carousel.js
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\owlcarousel\owl.carousel.min.js
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\waypoints\links.php
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\waypoints\waypoints.min.js
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\wow\wow.js
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\lib\wow\wow.min.js
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_accordion.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_alert.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_badge.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_breadcrumb.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_button-group.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_buttons.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_card.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_carousel.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_close.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_containers.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_dropdown.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_forms.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_functions.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_grid.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_helpers.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_images.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_list-group.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_mixins.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_modal.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_nav.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_navbar.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_offcanvas.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_pagination.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_popover.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_progress.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_reboot.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_root.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_spinners.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_tables.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_toasts.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_tooltip.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_transitions.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_type.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_utilities.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\_variables.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\bootstrap.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\bootstrap-grid.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\bootstrap-reboot.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\bootstrap-utilities.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\forms\_floating-labels.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\forms\_form-check.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\forms\_form-control.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\forms\_form-range.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\forms\_form-select.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\forms\_form-text.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\forms\_input-group.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\forms\_labels.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\forms\_validation.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\helpers\_clearfix.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\helpers\_colored-links.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\helpers\_position.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\helpers\_ratio.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\helpers\_stretched-link.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\helpers\_text-truncation.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\helpers\_visually-hidden.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_alert.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_border-radius.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_box-shadow.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_breakpoints.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_buttons.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_caret.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_clearfix.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_color-scheme.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_container.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_deprecate.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_forms.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_gradients.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_grid.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_image.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_list-group.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_lists.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_pagination.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_reset-text.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_resize.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_table-variants.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_text-truncate.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_transition.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_utilities.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\mixins\_visually-hidden.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\utilities\_api.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\scss\bootstrap\scss\vendor\_rfs.scss
wwwroot\FreelancerFrontend\white.png
wwwroot\jquery\jquery.js
wwwroot\jquery\jquery.min.js
wwwroot\jquery\jquery.min.map
wwwroot\jquery\jquery.slim.js
wwwroot\jquery\jquery.slim.min.js
wwwroot\jquery\jquery.slim.min.map
wwwroot\jquery-validate\additional-methods.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\additional-methods.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\jquery.validate.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\jquery.validate.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\jquery-validation-sri.json
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ar.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ar.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_az.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_az.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_bg.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_bg.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_bn_BD.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_bn_BD.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ca.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ca.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_cs.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_cs.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_da.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_da.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_de.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_de.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_el.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_el.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_es.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_es.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_es_AR.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_es_AR.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_es_PE.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_es_PE.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_et.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_et.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_eu.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_eu.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_fa.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_fa.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_fi.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_fi.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_fr.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_fr.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ge.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ge.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_gl.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_gl.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_he.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_he.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_hr.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_hr.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_hu.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_hu.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_hy_AM.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_hy_AM.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_id.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_id.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_is.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_is.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_it.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_it.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ja.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ja.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ka.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ka.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_kk.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_kk.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ko.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ko.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_lt.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_lt.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_lv.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_lv.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_mk.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_mk.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_my.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_my.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_nl.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_nl.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_no.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_no.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_pl.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_pl.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_pt_BR.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_pt_BR.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_pt_PT.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_pt_PT.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ro.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ro.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ru.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ru.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_sd.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_sd.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_si.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_si.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_sk.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_sk.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_sl.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_sl.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_sr.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_sr.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_sr_lat.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_sr_lat.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_sv.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_sv.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_th.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_th.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_tj.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_tj.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_tr.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_tr.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_uk.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_uk.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ur.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_ur.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_vi.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_vi.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_zh.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_zh.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_zh_TW.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\messages_zh_TW.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\methods_de.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\methods_de.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\methods_es_CL.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\methods_es_CL.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\methods_fi.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\methods_fi.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\methods_it.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\methods_it.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\methods_nl.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\methods_nl.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\methods_pt.js
wwwroot\jquery-validate\localization\methods_pt.min.js
wwwroot\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.js
wwwroot\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js
wwwroot\ProjectDocument\CAE 2 QUESTION PAPER.pdf
wwwroot\ProjectDocument\SandeshBhaleCV.pdf
wwwroot\ProjectTaskDocument\BCNF.jpg
wwwroot\ProjectTaskDocument\Certificate .Net Sandesh Bhale.pdf
wwwroot\ProjectTaskDocument\Sandesh.Net.docx
